Let us know how you can update your policy details in ICICI LBRD
with Mr. Policy.
Install ICICI LBRD mobile app from Play Store.
After installation,
login with your registered mobile number.  After logging in,
you will see the Policies option on the home screen.
Click on it.  After clicking,
click on Edit Policy Details
and select the option of Customer Details.
Now you can update address, email ID and
mobile number here.
To change the address, enter the Aadhaar card address on S
and after rechecking,
click on Update.  After updating the phone number and email,
select the region and update.   Keep in
mind that you
can only make one endorsement at a time.  Follow
Mr. Policy for more informative videos.